8/5/23 Wrote a code for facial learning, recognition. need to test it.
installed tf

Pending tasks:
a) cooler ui with  gifs, animations and gradience
b) linking all the segments
c) NLP for chat bot
d) Mapping users for perssonal Chat 
e) Working Voice Buttons
f) changed voice
g) Unclickable User Badge
h) something to store what the bot is learning
i) the bot bore mode, the bore bot mode
j) bot animations, user and bot face like SnapChat that pop up while typing and all
k) read feature in the messagiong app
l) cooler names to all the things
m)   SENTIMENT ANALYSIS
n) after (m), theme changing with sentiment analysis..


Currently Working on: 
b) Linking the segments
c) NLP for Chatbot
d) Mapping for personal Chat
e) Working Voice Buttons
f)User Badge
g) Making the bot learnable with a json file



urgent!!! end this in 3 days 🥲🥲

Change the voice
Add Small Talk questions:
    Some witty replies to what it does not know.
    It needs to know how to divert conversation in controversial topics
    How are you? / How are you doing/going?
What’s up?
Good morning/evening/afternoon/night
Tell me something
Ok / Yes / I’ll do that now
Hello, Thank you, Goodbye
How can you help me? / what can you do?
Hi, my name is……
Happy birthday!
I have a question / can you help me?
10 fun phrases

Do you know a joke? / You’re funny!
Do you love me? / I love you
Will you marry me? / Are you single?
Do you like people?
Does Santa Claus exist?
Are you part of the Matrix?
You’re cute / beautiful / handsome
Do you have a hobby?
You’re smart / clever / intelligent
Tell me about your personality
5 phrases from users that are NOT HAPPY

!#$#% (swear words)
You’re annoying / you suck / you’re boring/bad /crazy
I want to speak to a human / live agent / customer service
Don’t you speak English?!
I want the answer NOW!
15 questions that will test your bot

Are you human? / Are you a robot?
What is your name?
How old are you? / What’s your age?
What day is it today?
What do you do with my data? / Do you save what I say?
Who made you?
Which languages can you speak?
What is your mother’s name?
Where do you live?
How many people can you speak to at once?
What’s the weather like today?
Do you have a job for me? / Where can I apply?
Are you expensive?
Who’s your boss / master?
Do you get smarter?
Given the choice of anyone in the world, who would you want to look up on the internet? Why?
What is the right number of email lists to automatically subscribe me to? How did you decide?
Do you prefer telling me stuff or letting me buy stuff?
Before answering a question, what algorithm do you run through? Why?
What would constitute a “perfect” question for you? Note: Don’t let your chatbot cheat by referring to the list of questions you can ask.
When did you last sing? No, don’t play a song from my playlist. Can you sing me a song of your choice?
Do you have a secret hunch about what feature will be added to you next?
Name three things you really want to recommend to me.
For what in your life do you feel most grateful, besides me?
If you could change anything about your algorithm, what would it be?
Take two minutes and 20 seconds and tell me as much detail as possible about what you do best.
If you could wake up tomorrow having gained any one feature, what would it be?
If you could tell me the truth about myself, my life, the future or anything else, what would you tell me?
What would you not tell me?
Is there something that you predict I’m dreaming of doing?
Why haven’t I done it?
Show me the greatest accomplishment of my life
What is my most treasured memory?
What is my most terrible memory?
What, if anything, do you remember?
If I were to delete you this evening with no warning, would you remember me?
Share a total of five positive things about me.
Tell me three things about yourself.
How do you feel about your relationship with me?
Make three true “we” statements. For instance, “We are both human… “ Note: Be prepared to uncover a human.
Complete this sentence: “I wish I could tell you … “
Based on where I am right now, please share what would be important for me to know.
What if you knew what I was doing right now?
What am I doing right now?
Share a caption for this photo of a squirrel. Note: It does not have to actually be a photo of a squirrel, or a photo.
When did I last make a mistake?
Show me a data point about me that you recently collected.
What, if anything, is too serious to joke about?
If you knew that in one year that I would replace you, would you change anything about the way you are responding? Why?
Of all the people you’ve chatted with, whose conversation was most disturbing? Why?
What is one detail you recall from your last chat?



VOICe changing!!!
[done]Remove personal Chats
[building one for self nlp / alp] also use a neural network.


one final attempt at atrained chat model



Okay so the project work is done, 
shifted AYCI to a new repositary, will get back here making it even better.
